Detailed instructions below these vague steps:
1) Get a python interpreter, be it online or local; such as ipython3
2) Navigate to the correct directory{This one?? Inside Game Details?? your choice}
3) Import the version you wish to run.
  ex)) ipython3 -i ExigentInvestmentGame.py
  ex)) ipython3 -i {VSN in game details}.py
4) Enjoy!

1)  Install VSCodium (Windows and Mac)
Most of you probably already have VSCodium installed on your computer. If not, make sure to
install it following the instructions available at https://vscodium.com/#install.
Windows 10/11
Installing WSL
The Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL) is a feature on Windows that allows users to run a
Linux environment without the need for a virtual machine or a dual boot configuration. 
To install WSL, first check the operating system of your machine. If you are using Windows 10
or 11, open Powershell in administrator mode and type the following command:
$ wsl --install
After running the command, restart your machine.
To run WSL, open Powershell and run the following command:
$ wsl
Alternatively, you may open WSL by looking up the name of the Linux distribution used by WSL
(Ubuntu) on the Windows home search.
Git generally comes pre-installed in most WSL distributions. To check if Git is installed on your
subsystem, run the following command:
$ git --version
If the command fails, you can install Git using the following command:
$ sudo apt update
$ sudo apt install git
Installing Python
To install Python, run the following commands:
$ sudo apt-get update
$ sudo apt-get install python3 python3-pip
Install Python 3.12 or higher, as CMSC 14200 relies on features that are only available in
version 3.12 or higher of Python.
Please note that an alternate way of running Python on Windows is through a software package
called Anaconda; please do not use Anaconda in this class, as some of the instructions we
provide may not work with Anaconda. Using WSL ensures that you are using a Linux system,
which means all the instructions we provide for the CS Linux Servers should work just as well
(or, at most, with very minor changes) on your Windows machine with WSL.
WSL vs PowerShell
If you are using a Windows system, it is important that you run all your code inside WSL (the
Windows Subsystem for Linux). The reason for this is that WSL will allow you to run a Linux
environment on your Windows computer, using the same tools and terminal commands you’ve
learned about so far. This ensures that we can provide a uniform set of instructions to everyone
in the class, regardless of whether they’re running on Windows (via WSL), a Mac (which is a
UNIX system with the same tools and terminals as a Linux system), or the CS Linux servers.
Besides WSL, Windows includes two other terminals:
- PowerShell, a terminal we asked you to run for the purposes of installing WSL
- Command Prompt, a simpler terminal that you may encounter on your Windows
system.
While it is technically possible to run Python in either of these terminals, they both use a
different set of tools and commands, different from those found on a Linux system, so we may
not be able to help you if you run into issues when running those terminals.
If you have already opened a PowerShell window or a Command Prompt window, type wsl.
This will open a WSL Linux terminal on your Windows computer. Make sure to run the cd
command, to ensure you are in your WSL home directory.
If you’re unsure of whether you’re running in the correct terminal, try running the following
command:
$ which python3
The terminal should respond with
/usr/bin/python3
If you see this, you are running inside a WSL Linux terminal. This is where you should run any
commands related to your coursework.
If, on the other hand, you see the following error message:
which : The term ‘which’ is not recognized as the name of a cmdlet,
function, script file, or operable program. Check the spelling of the
name, or if a path was included, verify that the path is correct and
try again.
that means you are running inside the Windows PowerShell.
If you see the following error message
‘which’ is not recognized as an internal or external command, operable
program or batch file.
that means you are running inside the Command Prompt.
MacOS
Begin by running the Mac OS Terminal application.
If you haven’t yet installed Homebrew, a useful package manager for open-source software, you
can do so by navigating to https://brew.sh and executing the terminal command presented in the
middle of the page.
Make sure to read the messages printed by the Homebrew installer at the end of its installation.
It may ask you to run several additional commands to finalize the installation.
Ensure that Homebrew is up to date by running
$ brew update
To install Git, type the following command on your terminal.
$ brew install git
You can verify that Git is installed on your computer by typing
$ git --version
Python may already be installed on your computer. To check whether Python is installed, run the
following command:
$ python3 –version
If the command succeeds, and the version printed out is 3.12 or higher, you are all set. If Python
is not installed on your computer, or the version is lower than 3.12, you will need to install or
update it with Homebrew. In a terminal, type the following:
$ brew install python3@3.12

2) Navigation
Once in your local python environment {Vscodium or whatever you may have done instead, but these instructions will assume Vscodium [and also windows], but ai can bridge the gap in instructions I reckon}
2.1: open the terminal {where you can input commands} with crtl+`
2.2: type wsl and press enter
2.3: open file explorer and find where the file that you wish to run is {Likely downloads/Exigent-Y9-PrivateEquityGame
2.4: Navigate with [cd ..] or [cd {X}] to find the path from 2.3
2.4.1 If deeper in some folder that is not the path from earlier, type cd .. and press enter to go 1 level out of that folder
2.4.2 Otherwise, navigate 1 folder at a time using cd X; where X is the new path that we want to find, such as cd Downloads

3) Running
Just do the sample versions above. It will work unless you renamed the files; but why would you do that just now?

4) Enjoy!
